---
layout: wp_post
title: "September 16"
date: 2010-09-16
post_id: 2
---

Right now it’s 4:38 in the morning; I woke up so early because there’s something wrong with my iPod alarm. I have to leave for PT at 5:30 (Mondays, Thursdays, and Fridays), but I don’t want to go back to sleep, because this Monday I did, and I ended up sleeping through the PT session.

During the afternoons of the first week of school, there was a schoolwide competition called Hallympics, where each hall competes as a team in certain events. There was a food eating competition (I didn’t compete but we won it), a tug of war contest, a dodgeball tournament, and lots of other things.

Our hall (Deming) ended up winning, and we got a huge trophy.

Speaking of competitions, I joined my dormitory floor’s intramural indoor soccer team, and we just had a game a few days ago. We lost.

In academics: most of my classes aren’t really difficult (all review so far), except maybe for chemistry class because I forgot most of my chemistry.

For my engineering class, our main objective for the whole year is to work in 4-man teams with Lego NXT robotics kits. We have a competition in a few weeks I think.

Also, I joined the jazz ensemble, and we had our first gig last week Saturday. We didn’t sound that great, but we didn’t really expect to, as we only had 2 rehearsals beforehand, and our customers (a bunch of old churchgoers at some sort of USO-type dinner) probably didn’t mind anyways. The church people gave us some candy cigarettes and flag pins; with our gig money, we bought 8 boxes of pizzas.

So that’s pretty much all the interesting stuff that’s happened so far that I can think of.
