---
layout: post
title: "rafting"
date: 2011-10-26

---
In the beginning of this year, I decided to join more clubs, and the club I ended up joining was the outdoor adventure club, which is basically a club that likes to go camping or something every once in a while.  Two weeks ago, we went white-water rafting, which was really fun.  Most of the trip was subsidized by club money, too.  The place we went to was in West Virginia, and it took about 12 hours to get there by car.  We spent two nights at a camping area near the river and then went rafting on Sunday morning.  On saturday, there was this thing called bridge day, which was this thing where people jumped off this really tall bridge with parachutes and float down into the river.  That was fun to watch.

The river we went rafting on was fed by an earthen dam called the summersville dam.  Apparently, the dam was originally supposed to be called gad dam, because the town closest to the dam was Gad, but they decided not to call it that.The rafting was really fun, even though it was cold.  The scenic view was nice too. I would post pictures, but I didn’t take any; someone else in our club did, though, so I’ll try to post them whenever I get them.

Also, last week I had another Leadership Development Weekend (It seems like I only write blogs after I have LDW’s).  We pretty much did the same thing as the last one, except everyone got to sleep in the heated building this year, instead of in tents out in the cold.  It was pretty fun.

As for my classes, I’m doing well in all of them, as far as I know.  I’m finding that I like working with circuit boards and things like that over power machinery like motors, transformers, and generators.

well that’s all the interesting things I’ve been up to so far this year.  Sorry I haven’t been writing much recently.
